Update ui-c8y-1021-0-0-update-branding-7255.md (#2637)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1021-0-0-update-branding-7255.md

ticket: MTM-61407
version: 1021.0.0
---

> As part of ongoing efforts to modernize the look and feel of the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} UI, the branding colors and the logo have been updated. The previous color scheme and logo were outdated and did not align with current design trends. For example, the brand logo has been relocated to the bottom of the navigator to enhance user focus on navigation elements, reduce visual competition with the app icon, and optimize space utilization. This change provides a refreshed visual appearance throughout the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} UI, without impacting existing functionality or user workflows, but it could imply a need to review any custom branding applied as some design tokens have been updated or removed. Additionally, the link color is no longer related to the branding color and needs to be updated if a branded link color is wanted.

Reviewer: I would actually then better remove the sentence "The previous color scheme and logo were outdated and did not align with current design trends." It is anyway a not really true :-).

Author: ```suggestion
As part of ongoing efforts to modernize the look and feel of the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} UI, the branding colors and the logo have been updated and aligned with current design trends. For example, the brand logo has been relocated to the bottom of the navigator to enhance user focus on navigation elements, reduce visual competition with the app icon, and optimize space utilization. This change provides a refreshed visual appearance throughout the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} UI, without impacting existing functionality or user workflows, but it could imply a need to review any custom branding applied as some design tokens have been updated or removed. Additionally, the link color is no longer related to the branding color and needs to be updated if a branded link color is wanted.
```
@BeateRixen what do you think?
